1) What is react?
   React is an open source front-end javascript library function. Provide us one page application.
   
2) React major function
   JSX (Javascript XML), Virtual DOM, server side rendering, component based
   - With the help of JSX we can write the code together html and javascript.
   - Virtual DOM : 
     * The virtual DOM is a programming concept and technique used in web development to improve the
	   performance of UI rendering.
	 * React makes the lightweight copy of real DOM is called virtual DOM in memory.
      Suppose we have change any component design so that time all the changes store in the virtual
	  DOM and reflects on our screen. After that Real DOM compares the virtual DOM changes and implement
	  all the changes applied on the Real DOM
   
3) Components and element : 
    React Element : React Element is like a description of the website which is seen by us on the screen.
	It is a virtual representation of an HTML element. Syntax:
	React.createElement()
	
	Components : Component is like a reuseable building block that you can use to create different parts of user
	interface
	
4) State: 
   State manages and holds the data of a component. It represents a current state of a component and can be
   changed over time.
   
   function Counter(){
      const [count, setCount] = useState(0);
	  
   }
   
   const incrementCount = () =>{
      setCount(count + 1);
   }
    
   return (
     <div>
	   <p>Count : {count}</p>
	   <button onClick= {incrementCount}>Increment</button>
   )
  
 5) Pure Components : 
    Purecomponent ( Inheritance kii tarah hota ha) is a subclass of components and support all the components.
	
 6) Props : Props are the information that you pass to a JSX tag. Props stands for properties. Its a way 
    to pass data from a parent component to a child component.
	
 7) Why should we not update the state directly?
    In the react, it is recommended not to update the state directly. With the help of setState() method which
	is provided by the react should be used to update the state.
	Directly updating the state can make your code difficult to modify and maintain in the future.
	
  8) Mutable and Immutable
    Mutable means we can directly change the state value.
	Immutable means we cannot change the value directly. With the help of setState we can change the state.
	
  9) What is the purpose of callback function as an argument of setState()?
     The purpose of providing a callback function as an argument to setState() is to handle any necessary 
	 operations after the state update has been completed.
	 
   10) difference b/w foreach and map?
    The main difference between forEach() and map() is the return value. The forEach() method does not 
	return anything. It simply iterates over the array 
	the map() method returns a new array containing the results of applying the callback function to 
	each element
	
	11) Limitations in react
	 * React is just a library not a full framework
	 * Its library is large and takes time to understand.
	 * Coding gets complex as it uses inline templating and JSX
	 
	12) Why can't browsers read JSX?
	 Browsers can only read javascript objects but jsx is not a regular js object. Firstly JSX file transform
	 into a js object using jsx transformers like babel and then pass it to the browser.
	 
	13) How different is React's ES6 syntax when compared to ES5?
	ES5 : using require var React = require('react');   ES6 : import React from "react";
	ES5 exports vs ES6 export : ES5 module.exports = Component;  ES6 export default component
	
	14) Explain the lifecycle methods of React Components in lifecycle.
	1) Initial Rendering Phase: This is the phase when the component is about to start its life journey and 
	   make its way to the DOM.
	2) Updating Phase : Once the component gets added to the DOM, it can potentially update and re-render only 
	   when a prop or state change occurs.
	 
    3) Unmounting phase: This is the final phase of a component's life cycle in which the component is destroyed
	   and removed from the DOM.
	   
	15) Events in React
	 Events are a way to handle user interactions, such as button clicks, form submission, or keyboard input.
	 But there are some syntactical differences like.
	 a) Events are named using camel case instead of just using the lowercase.
	 b) Events are passed as functions instead of strings.